Update configurations-for-intel-gpu.md (#11287)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md

   .. _Intel® software for general purpose GPU capabilities: https://dgpu-docs.intel.com/index.html

   3. **Optional:** Install header files to allow compilation of new code. You may find the header files at `Khronos OpenCL™ API Headers`_ .
   
   .. _Khronos OpenCL™ API Headers: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Headers.git

   You've completed all required configuration steps to perform inference on processor graphics. 
   Proceed to the <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux.html#get-started">Start Using the Toolkit</a> section to learn the basic OpenVINO™ toolkit workflow and run code samples and demo applications.

.. tab:: Windows

   This section will help you check if you require driver installation. Install the recommended version or higher.

   If your applications offload computation to **Intel® Integrated Graphics**, you must have the Intel Graphics Driver for Windows installed on your hardware.
   `Download and install the recommended version`_ . 
   
   .. _Download and install the recommended version: https://downloadcenter.intel.com/download/30079/Intel-Graphics-Windows-10-DCH-Drivers

   To check if you have this driver installed:

>    1. Type **device manager** in your **Search Windows** box and press Enter. The **Device Manager** will open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Type **device manager** in your **Search Windows** box and press Enter. The **Device Manager** opens.
```
